homework/homework5-WorkDayPlanner/README.MD, before:

# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

## Task Overview

* Create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day by modifying starter code. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

## Link to the website deployed

[GitHub Repo URL](https://github.com/grider27/penn-lps-bcs/tree/main/homework/homework5-WorkDayPlanner)


[GitHub Page URL](https://grider27.github.io/penn-lps-bcs/homework/homework5-WorkDayPlanner/)


## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist

```

## Original Reference Mock-Up for Final Product

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./02-Homework/Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

Commit message:

final product and updated readme with screenshots

homework/homework5-WorkDayPlanner/README.MD, after:

# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

## Task Overview

* Create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day by modifying starter code. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

## Link to the website deployed

[GitHub Repo URL](https://github.com/grider27/penn-lps-bcs/tree/main/homework/homework5-WorkDayPlanner)


[GitHub Page URL](https://grider27.github.io/penn-lps-bcs/homework/homework5-WorkDayPlanner/)


## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist

```

## Finished product with a short video

The video was taken at 8 am hence all slots are green background and in future. Click the link above for a working product live demo.

![day planner final](./product.gif)

## Original Reference Mock-Up for Final Product

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./02-Homework/Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)
